Note: Usage
Upon launch, QuickPick will diredt TSX to build an observing list of
all (up to the maximum observing list size) M(essier) and NGC targets
that are currently above 30 degrees altitude.  The left box in
QuickPick will show all the Type Names that were found.  

Upon selection of an object type, QuickPick will sort through the list
and display sorted names in the box to the right.  The min and max
values for object size, remaining time above the horizon, and current
altitude will be displayed at each end of the sliders.  Moving the
sliders up will eliminate objects from the object list that do not meet
that critera.  See the note below for how to operate the sector dial.

Upon selection of an object, QuickPick will cause TSX to find the
object details and display the object on the star chart.  If the
See the note below on setting up the Star Chart.

Note: Using the "Sector" dial
The Sector dial is used to restrict the object listing to an azimuth range.
This is particularly useful when avoiding moonlight, or when using a dome
in windy conditions.  The red and green points indicate the clockwise and
counterclockwise boundaries of the range respectively.  To move, click down
on either the green or red circle, then move the curser to the desired location
on the light blue circle and release.  If you don't release on the blue circle
the move will be ignored.  If one circle tip is covering the other, then
 double click on it to expose the covered circle tip.  Or,just  move the 
 overing circle tip.

Note: Setting up TSX Star Chart
The Star Chart can be used most effectively by setting the Zoom (chart width)
to Telescope or slightly larger.  Also uncheck the "Show small Digitized Sky
photos..." box in the "Non-Steller Object Options" window under the
"Display" menu.

Note: Object List Size
The maximum number of objects produced by the QuickPick.dbq query is
controlled by the parameter in the Advanced Preferences set up window.
However, a smaller value may produce an uneven distribution of objects in
both size and location.

Note: Object Database Search Query file
The QuickPick.dbq query is installed whenever that file does not exist in
the Software Bisque\Database Queries folder.  However, once installed it
can be modified then resaved under the same name using the Observing List
Management functions.  For instance, the minimum altitude could be modified
from the default 30 degrees to some other value in the Filter tab.

Note: Using with CCD AutoPilot
When an object has been selected and displayed on the Star Chart, the "Get"
function in the CCDAP Session window will download the object FOV information
including location and rotation PA.  The object can then be run as a CCDAP
target.

